docs: move all bazel testing info to a single location (#46084)
angular/angular: docs/DEVELOPER.md

## Running Tests Locally

Bazel is used as the primary tool for building and testing Angular. Building and testing are
incremental with Bazel, and it's possible to only run tests for an individual package instead

> of for all packages. Read more about this in the [BAZEL.md](./BAZEL.md) document.

Author: I don't think that explaining why bazel is used adds much here :thinking:

Note that you should execute all test suites before submitting a PR to GitHub (`yarn test //packages/...`).

> However the tests will be executed on our Continuous Integration infrastructure. So if you forgot to run the tests and some broke github will present you with the CI errors which you can then fix.

Author: Honestly I have never run locally all the tests, on my (dinosaur) machine it would take ages, so I think it could be valuable to suggest to do that, but provide the alternative to rely on the CI

Reviewer: Technically if you run everything once locally, you would get the same caching benefits as CI, but in practice this is obviously still slower. Just want to avoid recommend to rely fully on CI. Ideally folks would run some tests for the parts they have changed. e.g. if I change the compiler, I run tests in the compiler/test Bazel package.

Author: Yeah the first run is definitely my issue, after that the tests do run rather quick :slightly_smiling_face: 

anyways I hope that the wording here is fine then, sort of letting developers know that CI checks will be performed but not actively recommending to rely solely on that :slightly_smiling_face:

> However the tests will be executed on our Continuous Integration infrastructure. So if you forgot to run the tests and some broke github will present you with the CI errors which you can then fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, affected tests will be executed on our CI infrastructure. So if you forgot to run some affected tests which would fail, GitHub will indicate the error state and present you the failures.
```
